Release Notes: LSMLIB (0.9)
===========================

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
v0.9.0 (2006/12/06)
===================
* ENHANCEMENTS:
  - Added support for building the library outside of the source tree.
  - Added installation of documentation during install process.
  - Added support for localization/narrow-band method
  - Fast Marching Method:
    * added support for solution of general Eikonal equations
    * added support for setting grid points as being outside of domain
    * modified FMM_Core and FMM_Heap to be able to support higher 
      dimensional problems
  - Improved API for Serial LSMLIB Package.
    * Added support for masking regions as being outside of 
      computational domain
  - LSMLIB MATLAB Package
    * Added support for reinitialization
    * Modified entire package so that order of data arrays is the one
      generated by the MATLAB meshgrid() function.
  - LSMLIB Parallel Package
    * Redesigned data usage to reduce memory requirements.
    * Level set function data associated with the PatchData handles
      returned by getPhiPatchDataHandle() and getPsiPatchDataHandle() 
      methods now possesses filled ghostcell data. 
  - Boundary conditions
    * Modified parallel and serial API to be more flexible and support 
      imposing different boundary conditions for different boundary
      locations.
    * Added support for imposing homogeneous Neumann boundary conditions
      for higher order discretizations of spatial derivatives
  - New documentation on LSMLIB and level set methods available in the
    doc directory.
* MINOR MODIFICATIONS:
  - Changed getIntegratorStep() to numIntegrationStepsTaken() to avoid
    the ambiguity about whether the integrator step returned is associated
    with the beginning or end of a time step.
  - Reorganized library archives to remove circular dependencies.
* BUG FIXES:
  - Fixed createGridSetGridDims() so that it correctly sets the total
    number of grid points in the computational grid.
  - Fixed various bugs in example code.
  - Fixed configure script so that it correctly generates LSMLIB_config.h
  - Fixed configure script so that it correctly handles optimize vs. 
    debug mode.
  - Fixed inclusion of inline source code for Parallel LSMLIB Package.
  - Fixed bug in LevelSetMethodToolbox::computeStableAdvectionDt() where
    incorrect PatchData handle was used for control volume data.
  - Fixed Makefile.config.MATLAB.in so that it correctly sets the directory
    where the LSMLIB MATLAB Package should be installed.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
